[docs] revamp eas update frontpage (#31669)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/introduction.mdx

## JS API for update management

<ContentSpotlight
  alt="Updates JS API"
  src="/static/images/eas-update/frontpage/critical-update.png"
/>

The updates [JavaScript API](/versions/unversioned/sdk/updates/) includes a React hook called `useUpdates()`. This hook provides detailed information about the currently running update and any new updates that are available or have been downloaded. In addition, you can view any errors that were encountered during the update process to help you debug any issues while the app is attempting to update.

The API also provides methods such as `checkForUpdateAsync()` and `fetchUpdateAsync()` which allows you to control when your app checks for and downloads updates.

## Insight tracking

<ContentSpotlight
  alt="Website dashboard deployment insights"
  src="/static/images/eas-update/frontpage/insights.png"
/>

You'll get a [deployments dashboard](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/deployments) that helps visualize which updates are being sent to builds. Updates work in concert with [insights](/eas-insights/introduction/) to provide data on the adoption rates of your updates with your users.

> ## Republishing for walking back mistakes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Republish for reverting mistakes
```

I don't think "walking back" is a helpful word to use in this section's title. Folks will not use words like this when using search. I think reverting might be more appropriate word to use here.

- To start using EAS Update, continue to the [Getting Started](/eas-update/getting-started) guide.
- For a complete tutorial of using EAS Update with other EAS services, refer to the [EAS Tutorial](/tutorial/eas/introduction/).

## JS API for update management

<ContentSpotlight

>   alt="Richer JS Api."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  alt="Updates JS API"
```

  src="/static/images/eas-update/frontpage/critical-update.png"
/>

> An improved [JavaScript API](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/unversioned/sdk/updates/) enhances the app update process, including a React hook called `useUpdates()`. This hook provides developers with detailed information about the currently running app bundle and any new updates that are available or have been downloaded. It is linked to a native state machine, ensuring it reflects the most current state of the system at all times. The `useUpdates()` hook can be utilized from any component within the application and keeps track of when the device last queried the update server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The updates [JavaScript API](/versions/unversioned/sdk/updates/) includes a React hook called `useUpdates()`. This hook provides detailed information about the currently running update and any new updates that are available or have been downloaded. In addition, you can view any errors that were encountered during the update process to help you debug any issues while the app is attempting to update.
```

- Replaced "app bundle" with "update", since we don't call them app bundles generally
- Removed the part about how `useUpdates()` works (it uses a state machine). I would expect this as a developer and not sure how this implementation detail is relevant.
- The last sentence that the `useUpdates()` hook can be utilized in any component within an application seems like a rephrase of the first and second sentences. To make this more concise, I removed that one too.

> Furthermore, developers can use existing asynchronous methods such as `checkForUpdateAsync()` and `fetchUpdateAsync()` more effectively—the state updates automatically once these methods conclude their operations. And the hook is designed to surface any errors encountered during the update process, from initialization to download, allowing developers to address issues promptly. This all contributes to a more streamlined, reliable, and efficient update management experience in applications leveraging EAS Update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API also provides methods such as `checkForUpdateAsync()` and `fetchUpdateAsync()` which allows you to control when your app checks for and downloads updates.
```
Making this more concise

## Insight tracking

<ContentSpotlight

>   alt="Insight tracking for more control."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  alt="Website dashboard deployment insights"
```

  src="/static/images/eas-update/frontpage/insights.png"
/>

> A [dashboard](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/deployments) accessible through the web browser streamlines the management of app updates for developers. Developers can [track the status of updates](https://docs.expo.dev/eas-insights/introduction/) as they are deployed, rather than dealing with complex text commands or waiting for feedback without visuals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll get a [deployments dashboard](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/projects/[project]/deployments) that helps visualize which updates are being sent to builds.
```

> For instance, when an update is released to fix a bug, developers can immediately observe its progress and distribution to users. They have the ability to intervene if issues arise. This provides an exceptional level of control and real-time management directly through the website's user interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updates work in concert with [insights](/eas-insights/introduction/) to provide data on the adoption rates of your updates with your users.
```

## Republishing for walking back mistakes

<ContentSpotlight

>   alt="Republishing for walking back mistakes."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  alt="Republishing button on an update"
```

  src="/static/images/eas-update/frontpage/republish.png"
/>

> The [republish command](https://docs.expo.dev/eas-update/eas-cli/#republish-a-previous-update-within-a-branch) is a safety feature for app maintenance. If an update isn't performing as expected, developers can republish a previous, stable version on top of the problematic one, much like a new "commit" in version control systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an update isn't performing as expected, you can [republish](/eas-update/eas-cli/#republish-a-previous-update-within-a-branch) a previous, stable version on top of the problematic one, much like a new "commit" in version control systems.
```

> This process is straightforward — if an issue arises with the latest update, with a few clicks, developers can select a reliable past release and republish it, effectively overwriting the troublesome update. This ensures that user experience remains consistent, as the app is restored to a well-functioning state with minimal disruption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
